Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.
Why do most Americans got to those foods specifically?
What about those who don't post on blogs about their breakups and still get comfort foods?
Is the data actually accurate?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL. (https://trends.google.com/trends/)

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”? The highest peak recorded in the line chart for "Interest over time" is July 2024.

b) What is the lowest dip recorded? The lowest dip recorded is from September 30- October 31, 2024.

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

  a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip? The highest peak recorded is April 30- May 31, 2024. The lowest dip is November 30- December 31, 2024.

  b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now? The line moved lower and decreased significantly once hamburgers was added. The high and low doesn't shift much and only goes up 2% before decreasing again and becoming flat.

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed. The line for Milkshake decreased due to little popularity interest.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

  a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger? As the searches for hamburgers increase the searches for breakups decrease and vise versa. When the searches for breakups increase the searches for hamburgers decrease.

  b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake? The searches for breakups and milkshakes follow the same path except for between the months July and October where they conflict and milkshakes increase while breakups decrease.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article? This all suggest the person wasn't correct because through it all the searches for hamburgers doesn't decrease lower than milkshakes. It stay at the top.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

  a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake? West Virginia

  b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger? South Dakota